{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\pard\plain\li720 {\b How to play Yahtzee}\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
{\pard\plain The object of the game is to get the highest score possible.\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
{\pard\plain The game uses 5 dice.\par}
{\pard\plain The player may roll a maximum of 3 times.\par}
{\pard\plain The player must roll all dice at the beginning of a round.\par}
{\pard\plain A round begins with the first roll and ends with the player applying a score.\par}
{\pard\plain The player may choose to set aside dice to keep them from being rolled on the 2nd and 3rd turns.\par}
{\pard\plain A turn is rolling one or more dice.\par}
{\pard\plain The player can apply a score any time after the first turn and must after the third turn.\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
{\pard\plain\li720 {\b Scoring}\par}
{\pard\plain\li720 ----------\par}
{\pard\plain The following die combinations are available for scoring:\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
{\pard\plain Ones:\tab All the ones you can roll.\par}
{\pard\plain Twos:\tab All the twos you can roll.\par}
{\pard\plain Threes:\tab All the threes you can roll.\par}
{\pard\plain Fours:\tab All the fours you can roll.\par}
{\pard\plain Fives:\tab All the fives you can roll.\par}
{\pard\plain Sixes:\tab All the sixes you can roll.\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
{\pard\plain 3 of a kind:\tab Must have at least 3 dice of the same value.\par}
{\pard\plain 4 of a kind:\tab Must have at least 4 dice of the same value.\par}
{\pard\plain Full House:\tab Must have 3 dice of the same value and 2 dice of the same value.\par}
{\pard\plain Small Straight:\tab Any 4 die values in a row (3 4 5 6)\par}
{\pard\plain Large Straight:\tab Any 5 die values in a row (2 3 4 5 6)\par}
{\pard\plain Yahtzee:\tab All 5 dice have the same value.\par}
{\pard\plain Extra Yahtzee:\tab Same as Yahtzee but worth double the points.\par}
{\pard\plain Chance:\tab \tab Total of all dice.\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
{\pard\plain\li720 {\b The GUI}\par}
{\pard\plain\li720 {\b ------------}\par}
{\pard\plain The \ldblquote roll\rdblquote  button rolls all dice that are not saved.\par}
{\pard\plain Clicking a die will save and release it.  A black border indicates a saved die.\par}
{\pard\plain Clicking the text of a score target will apply the die score to it.\par}
{\pard\plain The number in the middle top of the screen is the all time high score.\par}
{\pard\plain The number in the top right corner is the player\rquote s current score.\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
{\pard\plain\li720 {\b Messages}\par}
{\pard\plain\li720 ------------\par}
{\pard\plain The message at the bottom center of the board tells the player what to do next.\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
{\pard\plain\par}
}